"I fall but never break"
night
"I have two skins - One without and one within."
glove
"My life is measured in hours, I serve by being devoured."
candle
"I cover what's real, hide what is true. Sometimes I bring out the courage in you."
mask
"I have two arms, but fingers none. I have two feet, but cannot run."
wheelbarrow
"I have a neck, but no head. I have two arms, but no hands."
shirt
"My changing shape you can easily see, but a sphere is what I will always be."
moon
"Though not a bird I can fly.  Full of water it seems am I."
cloud
"I don't have eyes, but once I did see. Thoughts I once had, but empty I now be."
skull
"I am sometimes strong and sometimes weak, there is no language that I can't speak."
echo
"I cannot be bought, I cannot be sold, even if I'm made of gold."
heart
"Often bites but seldom bit, to use me well you must have wit."
tongue
"No feathers to aid my flight, still by day but not at night."
bat
"A final message when firmly in place, most often found across my face."
tombstone
"Always old, sometimes new, sometimes full, sometimes blue."
moon
"Deaf and dumb and blind I might be, but I always tell the truth."
mirror
"Some try to hide, some try to cheat, but time will show, we always will meet."
death
"Wings have I, but cannot fly, on the same spot I am found, toiling away with little sound."
windmill
"Mountains I can crumble, temples I can make fall, no man can survive my endless call."
time
"An ancient invention am I that allows one to see through walls."
window
"You can find me in darkness but never in light. I am present in daytime but not in night."
d
"I turn around once, and what is out can get within. I turn again, and what is in cannot get out."
key
"I can hoe a row, slay a foe, and wring with woe."
hands
"Name me and you destroy me."
silence
"One eye always open and still I cannot see."
needle
"One is single, two is double, I am three and four."
seven
"I am the bow that none can tie."
rainbow
"I often fall but never break, and the more I come down, the higher I get"
snow
"A mouth and sometimes a fork, sometimes I am fed. But alas I never eat."
river
"Four legs have I but only one foot."
bed
"I look like a cat, I walk like a cat, but indeed I am not a cat."
kitten
"Run around a garden I can, but still I never move."
fence
"You can eat me, you can drink me."
toast
"I can keep on working even when broken."
heart
"I live in a tree and sometimes fall.  I do not bounce,I am not a ball."
apple
"I stand tall but sometimes fall.  When it happens, pay heed the call."
tree
"I go into villages and I go out, but I never seem to move."
road
"I can be given and I can be kept, but never can I be seen."
promise
"Named for a mighty beast am I, but small am I and I can fly"
dragonfly
"I can make things cooler yet make a fire hotter."
fan
"You huff and puff to give me life, but never do I breathe."
balloon
"Always tireless in his pursuit, rarely did he ever recover the loot."
magistrate
"I am the gist of many a tale, it takes a cork to keep me in jail."
genie
"Make cheese and roast I often do.  You will find that I also make a good shoe."
cow
"I am the ship that sails the seas of sand."
camel
Often I get tossed as planned just to see how I will land."
coin
"I carry a stone near as big as me.  Most of the time, I live in a tree."
cherry
I am hard as hard can be.  You can drink your fill though it be not tea."
coconut
"I can turn things around but never myself in turn."
mirror
"A foe I can slay, I can show the way.  This I can do, be it night or day."
arrow
