id 6315

banner "A good day to ye. I'm Farmer Duke. What can I be doin' for ye?"

topic "Who are you?"
	text "Ahh... ye heard of me 'ave ye? Yeah, tis true. I was quite the adventurer in me day. Now I's juz a humble 'ol farmer. Lost me leg, I did, ye see?"
	text "T'weren't even dur'n my adventur'n neither. T'was a few Harv'ez O' Soales ago. I was sampil'n a fresh batch 'o ale at me favorite pub one night... ye know the one, the Farthing Inn? It was good batch, that's fer sure. Hearty-stout, good body, jus a touch of bite to 'er on the finish." 
	text "Oh, yea, okay. Ye be wanting to hear about me leg, not the fine art o' ale tast'n. Okay, so I's did me a good 'n thorough job o' test'n me buddy Holiph's new brew and he thanked me, as he always do, and helped me out the door, not that I needed it mind you but Holiph 'n me are buddies 'n we watches out for one 'n otherz, see?"
	text "Anyways, I tooks me a lil walk, jus to get some air, and ended up in this patch 'o wild pumpkins. But they weren't, ye see? Pumpkins I mean. They was somethin' supernatural they was. I did'n take notice right away through, I wasn't adventur'n ye see, I was just out get'n me some air. So's this pumpkin, that wasn't a pumpkin, was able to sneak up on me, ye see, 'n I was walk'n and I put me foot down it was wait'n."
	text "Well, it opened up a mouth wider 'n the gates of hell and latch'd on to me foot good 'n tight. It would'n let go fer nuttin neither, no matter how hard I kicked and fought. It jus held me ankle tight in it's gape'n maw, use'n it's supernatural strength ye see, 'n I knew there were only one way I was ever gonna git away."
	text "Now I's always been able to take a lot 'o pain. I don't complain 'bout nuttin. So's I was hardly feel'n any hurt from the critter's bite, see, 'n since I'd had me some 'o Holiph's good ale I figured... that's what a good adventurer does ye know, ya's gotta be able ta think as much as fight... so's I figured if I was gonna git away the only way to do it was to let the critter have what he were after, right?"
	text "And, well, he was want'n me leg. So's I took me knife out 'n proceeded ta let him 'ave it. It hurt a might, I gotta admit, but I gots it cut off aw right 'n made it back to Holiph's place. We's buddies, ye know, 'n he fixed me up right good."
	text "Anyways, that's hows I lost me leg. Some folks don't be believ'n me ye know. But then some folks ain't seen what we adventurers 'ave seen, right? But a one-leg'd adventurer.. that ain't no good. So's I had me a forced retirement, ye see? 'N I opened up this here pumpkin farm, see'n as how they's the ones that put me into retirement I figured they owed me and they should be the ones to take care 'o me. They do'n pretty good too. I get by."
end

topic "Have you heard anything about the old Gregory's Metalworks?"
	text "Ah, dun be sayin' that name 'round me. Tis a cursed place, it is. They be sayin' that durin the nights, them ghosts that be hauntin tha place be pullin' people in."
end

topic "Will you carve my pumpkin for me?"
	quest 408
	text "Didn't ah make ye one already?"
end

