id 6073

banner "Welcome to my weapons shop, The Forge. May I assist you?"

topic "Tell me about Leinster."
        text "Leinster was once a thriving town, the largest in the Realm."
	text "Then the gods went to work on it, and now it's the biggest pile of debris in the Realm."
	text "Mind you, I'm not against Despothes and Duach having their fun and games, but did they have to destroy our town?  And then just leave!"
	text  "I've been indulging myself with a fanciful vision of Duach's mother herding him into Leinster and saying 'Now you just march yourself right in there and clean up your mess!'  That would be a sight to see!"
	text  "I know it's not a laughing matter, but if I didn't laugh, I'd cry. And that really is my opinion of this shenanigan. I don't care if they are gods, why did they have to destroy our town!"
	text  "It makes me mad and it scares me, all at the same time.  This smiting was serious business, and we may be in for a lot more destruction."
	text  "If the gods did it once, they could do it again, and worse!  What's to protect us from them?"
end

topic "Have you heard any interesting rumors?"
        text "I have heard that the weapons one can purchase elsewhere in Leinster are decidedly inferior to my own."
        text "Of course, that's not a rumor, it's a fact."
end      

topic "Can I do anything for you?"
        text "I can't think of anything right now. Ask me again another time."
end

topic  "I'm looking for Volzer's armor polish order." q138:0 #q6401-01-535:0
	quest 139 #6401-01-540
	text  "You took it already."
end

topic  "I want to learn the ways of war." c29:5
	banner  "Now that's a smart move, the way things look to me.  If the melee is your weapon and you're interested, I can teach you master and grand-master skills in critical striking. You can do serious damage with this skill. I'll only teach you master and grand-master skills.   You've got to be an expert already." 

	topic  "How do I get to be an expert in critical striking?" c29:3 
		text  "Buy the skill books and practice.  There's a store fairly close by that carries the books you'll need.  Try Academy Arcanus." 
	end

	topic  "I am interested in critical striking master skills."  s29:3  
		quest 39 #6073-01-400
		text "You've got to study the skill book you have to gain the skill."
	end

	topic  "I am interested in critical striking grand-master skills."  s29:4  
		quest 44 #6073-01-500
		text "You're going to have to study the skill book you have."
	end
end

topic  "Can you teach me anything else?"  s29:5
	text  "I specialize in one thing, critical striking.  Ask around.  There are other skilled instructors."
	text  "I'd advise you to finish your critical striking study before going off on another chase."
end

