id 6401

banner "Greetings, Friend. You've entered the Shop of Defense. How may I help you?"

topic "Tell me about Silverbrook."
        text "Certainly, Friend. Silverbrook, as you probably know, is a town comprised mostly of elves. However, some of our denizens are orcan in heritage."
	text "You can't really tell by looking anymore.  That strain is far back in the past."
	text "Elves prefer a pastoral lifestyle, and Silverbrook suits us very well."
	text "We don't just hold to ourselves.  Humans and giants are welcome here.  In fact, one of our shopkeepers is human. He makes wooden puzzles.  Odd little things, those."
end

topic "Have you heard any interesting rumors?"
        text "You will find, Friend, that elves seldom concern themselves with the private affairs of others."
end      

topic	"Do you like limericks."
	text  "Sure.  They're fun."
	text  "How about this one."
	text  "I'm bored to extinction with Harrison."
	text  "His lim'ricks and puns are embarrassin."
	text  "But I'm fond of the bum"
	text  "For, through dull as they come,"
	text  "He makes me seem bright by comparison!"
	text  "I really get a kick out of that one.  I'm not even sure why."
end

topic "Can I do anything for you?"
        text "Not today, Friend. Perhaps another time, if you will come again."
end

topic  "I'm here for Bakali's carving knife." q275:0 #q8010-01-435:0
	quest 276 #8010-01-440
	text  "You already collected it."
end

topic  "I want to learn the skills of war." c9:5
	banner  "If acrobatic skills interest you, I can teach you.  You've got to be an expert already, though.  I'll only teach you master and grand-master skills." 

	topic  "How do I get to be an expert in acrobatics?" c9:3
		text  "Buy the skill books and practice.  Any book store that carries instructions on the art of agility and stealth should have them." 
	end

	topic  "I am interested in acrobatics master skills."  s9:3  
		quest 130 #6401-01-400
		text "It's study of the skill book you have and practice that will gain you the skill."
	end

	topic  "I am interested in acrobatics grand-master skills."  s9:4  
		quest 135 #6401-01-500
		text "You won't gain that skill until you study the skill book you already have."
	end

	topic  "Can you teach me anything else?"  s9:5
		text  "Acrobatics is my specialty.  If unarmed combat interests you at all, I heard that an expert teacher is in one of the dungeons.  That's all I know, though."
		text  "You should finish developing your skill in acrobatics."
	end
end
